Well I'm still working on the fingers here.
Let's go ahead and zoom in.
And I've got just the forefingers done.
I haven't done the thumb yet but I wanted to just talk about hooking these up and extruding them back.
These are all currently individual objects.
So what I need to do is go ahead and select them all in press control J to join them into all one object.
So now we tap into edit mode.
We can see all of the components for each one.
So now what I need to do is I need to connect them together.
So I think when I'm going to do is just move this point and back and just select this edge and this
edge and bridge these two so I'll just press control E and bridge edge loops and then I'll do the same
thing with these over here this edge and this edge.
Now try that again.
There it is control the bridge edge loops and let's try this one over here for these two.
All right.
So now that we have those hooked up and they may need a little bit of point pulling to get them a little
more even around the top of the fingers there.
But generally speaking that's kind of what I want is these fingers to be connected up so that when we
select this edge that entire edge you get selected all the way around.
The problem is is we've got these extra edges selected in here and we don't want that.
So I'm going to just go to edge mode here and de-select these edges here we don't need these.
I only want the ones on the outside.
Like so now that we've got all of those selected I'm just going to now press e for extrude and move
them back up into the glove.
But I think what I'd like to do is have the characters body visible to do that so I'll tab back into
object mode and just select this first layer as well.
And now I should be able to see that as extruded back.
All right so now I could go back into edit mode.
I'll hit E for extrude and bring that back a bit.
Keeping an eye on it here I think I want to scale it this way just a hair.
Now let's go ahead and do one more extrusion up into that glove.
So I'll select all of these edges all the way around and extrude these up into here.
So now we're going to need to do some point pulling to get to get the fingers to fit within that glove
but that's fine.
We kind of expected that.
Now I think I will want this edge for the glove or the gauntlet to be extruded in so we can see up into
it.
So I'll just select that edge and hit me and then S and scale that in pretty far there like that.
In addition we're going to need to get a thumb in there aren't we.
So let's take a look at doing that.
I think all I really need to do.
Let me turn on the character model there.
And Kyle I really need to do is just grab part of one of these fingers duplicated and bring it up here.
Yes so I will tap into edit mode here.
And I think what I'll do is select this ring of faces press control plus to expand that selection and
maybe bring it right up to about here.
Let's try that.
I'll then press shift D and enter.
I'll then press the P key and separate the selected object into its own object.
And then now if we tab back here it is I'll move the origin to the geometry.
Now I think to move it around or switch the transform orientation to global.
And now we can just move this around and place it on the thumb.
Now that I have it here I see it's a little bit too thin.
Instead of scaling it out all the way like this.
I think what I'll do is tap into edit mode and select everything and I'm going to come over to the tools
tab and with this shrink Fatton tool I'll just click that and then just scale it up and it'll just kind
of chunk it up a bit.
So now I'm going to turn off that first layer.
And there's our thumb that we've now got to extend back into the glove so I'll just tab into edit mode.
Good edge mode.
And let's just take this and extrude it back.
It'll be scaled up a bit.
And one more time.
Now I think I'm going to need to scale these up a bit as it comes into the glove
and maybe even move it over a bit like that.
And now I'll do the same thing with the glove.
I'll just take this edge and extrude and scale it in to close that off.
And there we go.
Still a little bit of work to do but I think that will work in terms of the fingers and the glove.
Well we're getting pretty close here aren't we.
I think the last thing we have to do is to deal with the tunic here and the belt and I still need to
come back up here and deal with the mouth and the eyes.
But we should be able do those pretty quickly.